Add configurable CORS middleware (#4)
danielgtaylor/huma: README.md

r := huma.NewRouter("My API", "1.0.0", huma.WithGin(g))
```

> If you would like CORS preflight requests to allow specific headers, do the following:
> ```go

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Custom CORS Handler

If you would like CORS preflight requests to allow specific headers, do the following:

```go
```

// CORS: Allow non-standard headers "Authorization" and "X-My-Header" in preflight requests
cfg := cors.DefaultConfig()
cfg.AllowAllOrigins = true
cfg.AllowHeaders = append(cfg.AllowHeaders, "Authorization", "X-My-Header")

> // And manual settings:
> g := gin.New()
> g.Use(huma.CORSHandler(cors.New(cfg)))
> g.NoRoute(huma.Handler404())
> r := huma.NewRouter("My API", "1.0.0", huma.WithGin(g))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// And manual settings:
r := huma.NewRouter("My API", "1.0.0", huma.CORSHandler(cors.New(cfg)))
```
